hey guys this is a another quick little
request I got home somebody had asked
just for like a quick view of the the
pin transfer from the from the deck that
come down here on to the shaker bored
with shakes and they fall back into the
pinwheel come around they come up here
to the call this like the pin wiper or
something I call it pin god that's just
what I'm used to from IMF's and turn
round pan up the cross conveyor come up
top here go over the pin gate into the
turret and then from the turret they
feed it down into the into the deck
shoots I'll psych what one time real
fast obviously it doesn't matter if the
brake sweeps the pins offer them to the
ball hits them they all end up in the
pressure pushing to lift
hangs back
ok
No
five 1000 feet are into the deck
another thing I'd be kinda neat i do i
actually throw colored 10 in this rafter
so we can you could actually quality
exact cap of 11 can stuff that the kind
of a neat idea to do see the right Allen
all the way around that's pretty much it
I hope you enjoyed that you later guys